27/11/25:
Attendees: Mobin, Jamie, Ollie, Jake

Check out front end code
Install node.js message to others and do a tutorial on it
Start on readme.txt
Adjust Trello board and compile our work into one doc.
Come up with name (check they are available with domain providers before contributing)


04/12/25:
Attendees: Mobin, Jamie, Ollie

Mobin ran us through his CI/CD setup, Jamie and ollie need to become familiar with this, Jamie already is. Both Jamie and Ollie need to run through google cloud stuff. 
We agreed to think about the microservice setup for the project and develop microservice by microservice. 
We are planning a map of all required microsetups and will compare tomorrow and decide which are essential and where to start.


05/12/25:
Attendees: Mobin, Jamie, Ollie

We discussed our individual maps of all required mircoservices. We all aligned fairly well, so we knew we were all familiar with the project and it's aims.
During the discussion, Ollie and Jamie thought of some additional ones that we hadn't considered.
Ollie was tasked to design the database. Jamie was tasked to finalise the map of microservices.


08/12/25
Attendess: Mobin, Jamie, Ollie 

Ollie showed us his initial Database Design, he explained each part. We gave him some feeback on it.
Jamie showed us his microservice map and explained the reasoning for each one. 
Mobin possitively critiqued some of the microservices as some were not needed for the scope of our project.


09/12/25
Attendess: Mobin, Ollie

This was a short meeting as only two of us were available. 
Ollie displayed his updated Database Design and we were both happy with it.
Mobin discussed the project file layout we should use so that all code aligned.
We agreed to share more detailed information about the layout with the rest of the group in the following meeting.


11/12/25
Attendees: Jamie, Ollie, Jake

Jake gave us a recap on his health condition and how much he much time he will spend in hospital over the next month.
We reassured him that he should not stress too much about the group project.
Ollie explained the project file layout that Mobin discussed in the previous meeting.
We decided on which microservice to start with and allocated tasks to each member.


15/12/25
Attendees: Mobin, Jamie, Ollie

Mobin was pleased that we fully understood the project file layout.
We each discussed our individual progress on our allocated tasks.
We provided constructive feeback to eachother and agreed to try and complete the tasks by the 18/12/25.


16/12/25
Attendees: Jamie, Ollie

We displayed our solutions to the tasks. 
Jamie discussed his code and Ollie gave some feeback. Ollie discussed his code as well, and Jamie gave some feedback.
Ollie had some small things to update and agreed to do it by the following day.



18/12/25
Attendees: Mobin, Jamie

Mobin showed and explained his work, and Jamie provided some feeback.
Ollie messaged us saying that he had successfully updated his work.
Mobin and Jamie discussed the next steps and allocated everyone new tasks.